# -Implementing-a-system-that-performs-gradient-descent-to-build-a-linear-regression-model
Description: Write a python code that takes input from console in a modular* approach. The console input may contain a set of switches as parameters followed by the program name and their corresponding parameter values. Let's name the program "CT" which stands for "Classification Task". Your program should be able to handle at least the following switches:  1. -a algoName (algoName can be "LR" for today's lab task. If no "-a" switch is found, default will be linear regression) 2. -f fileName (fileName is the name of the dataset. By default the dataset is "Irish" which is available in a certain package of python) 3. -n foldNum (foldNum = the number of folds to be used. The default value is 1) 4. -t testFileName (testFileName is the name of a file name that contains testing data, at least a single row should be there. If "-t" is specified then you need to use the tuples in the file and display the number of accurately classified tuples and wrongly classified tuples, and the assigned class labels performed for each tuples).  5. -r ratio (ratio is a floating point value where 0.7 means 70% of the data will be used for training and the remaining for testing. If this number is not specified then 100% data will be used for training. The testing data will be used exactly as "-t" switch is handled. Moreover, any command with -t and -r switches together should be warned and one of them has to be ignored. Your program should inform the user which one is ignored.) 6. -e det/brf (-e means explain and either "det" or "brf" will follow "-e". "det" means detail report and "brf" means brief explanation of the linear regression **.) 7. -c classLevel (classLevel represent the name of the attribute of the dataset that is going to be used as target attribute. In case of this parameter is missing, use the last attribute of the dataset as target class label). 8. -m method (here "method" may be a sigmoid function written as "Sig" instead of "method", a average function written as "avg" in place of "method". This represents the functions to be used to tackle missing values in any column of the data. In case of average function, you have to replace the missing values of a particular column with the average of the other known/non missing values of that column.) 9. -l realval (realval is a floating-point number ranging between 0.01 and 0.99 representing the learning rate of the algorithm in building the model. In case the number is beyond the range, you have to alert the user with an appropriate warning and take the default value = 0.3)   If any column of the data has non-numeric value, then sort the unique values in alphabetical order and label them with starting value 0.
